I'm Wesley Morris and uh
The other night I was watching the
season finale of Dark Winds on AMC. And
a new show just starts out of nowhere.
Just like takes over the Dark Winds
season finale credits. [music] And I'm
like, "Okay, what's happening here?" A
new show called The Audacity, never
heard of it before, didn't know it
[music] was coming. So I'm like, "Okay,
seen enough. Turning the sound down
going back to my [music] work." And in
the middle of not paying attention to
it, I looked up [music] at the
television and I saw a familiar face.
I'm like, "Oh, wait. I know her. I know
her. Who is that?" And all of a sudden
it hit me. It's Sarah Goldberg from
Barry. Yes. Why is this a big deal to
me? Why do I care about this? This is a
big deal to me because Sarah Goldberg
gave one of the best performances I've
ever seen anybody do on TV. On Barry,
HBO's Barry. Doesn't start off as much
you know, it's got this performance that
she gives as this woman named Sally, an
actor in an acting class, meets this
Bill Hader character Barry. I did the
scene from The Blind Side. You know, the
one where Sandy Bullock interrupts
football practice. This team is your
family. You protect his blind side. Do
you remember that? It won her an Oscar.
They meet, they do some scenes together.
[music]
It seemed like she was playing a cute
love interest who wanted to be a serious
actor. That is basically the gist of her
part on season 1 and season 2, but she's
very very charming. And you already know
that you're in good hands with this
person because she's good at line
readings. She's got a kind of wholesome
Midwestern thing. She's Canadian. But
she's also an actor, so she knows what
she's doing. So as the show gets darker
and deeper, so does Sarah Goldberg's
performance. And Sally
goes from like quirky love interest to
like
an insane person. A justifiably insane
egomaniac who has a meltdown quite
memorably in an elevator on the woman
who has basically stolen her career.
We're entirely inside of the elevator.
The usurping actress, the woman who took
her job, is just in the corner on her
phone and the camera swings around
revealing Sarah Goldberg. So you have
your own show?
Yeah.
Asking what do you think you're doing?
And the woman is like, "Well, you know,
it's just like this wasn't my It's you
know, I had this idea for a show. It
really means a lot to me." And Sarah
Goldberg as Sally is like, "That was my
idea. It was my idea and you STOLE IT.
IT'S MINE." And she goes from one corner
of the elevator to another corner of the
elevator straight into this other
woman's face. And it is such an
stressful
exhilarating scene on the one hand
because you are watching Sarah Goldberg
do a thing that I imagine as an actor is
very difficult, which is to lose total
control of yourself. To just be locked
in a fugue state OF RAGE.
>> [screaming]
>> YOU ARE
NOTHING WITHOUT ME. YOU ARE NOTHING.
NOBODY. YOU STUPID PIECE OF [__] I
BROUGHT YOU INTO THE FOLD AND THIS IS
HOW YOU [__] BETRAY ME. But the
person performing that [music] rage has
complete control over her diction, her
body,
her neck muscles,
HER SPITTLE. YOU ENTITLED [__] [__]
[screaming]
YOU ENTITLED [__]
[__]
>> [screaming]
>> IT IS
scary that this character who didn't
really seem to have access to whatever
this is, like a rageful stress attack,
is is HAVING ONE. YOU ENTITLED [__]
[__]
I DON'T KNOW. THIS is just one of the
most complete performances. It also has
a lot of surprises in it. And when the
show ended, I actually did think, "What
is going to happen to Sarah Goldberg?
Where's she going to go? What's she
going to act in?"
I had a similar feeling to seeing her
show up in I think season 3 of Industry.
I mean, she was she was wonderful there,
too. But it was it was a guest part. She
wasn't sticking around. We want
Pierpoint to be our broker.
>> When I saw her on The Audacity, I went
and checked because I'm like, "Is this a
real part? Is she going to get to do
more?" And lo and behold, she is. Oh,
for Christ's sake, Carl. Just just
breathe.
>> You breathe. She is essentially playing
the shrink to a bunch of, you know,
billionaire-esque tech bros. Duncan, I
am not doing this here.
>> And she is doing her work in the office,
but then when she leaves the office,
she's like kind of a mess.
>> We'll talk. No. Fine.
Um
when you were insider trading off your
patients, I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry, your
clients. When you were insider trading
off your clients' most private and
confidential confidences given to you in
strict confidence according to the rules
of Therapy International, I'M JUST
CURIOUS.
I OH MY GOD.
SLIGHTLY UNHINGED, which to me says
they knew who they hired to do this
part. They're going to let Sarah
Goldberg fly. I hope they do. And you
know, I I'm not looking for a new show,
but every once in a while something will
happen where you're just like, "Yeah,
I'm sticking [music] with this because
it's got a secret weapon." And I'm
imagining the show knows that Sarah
Goldberg is going to be its secret
weapon. So Sunday nights, I got enough
to do, but I am definitely going to make
room just to watch this person hopefully
go deep and go dark and go weird on this
show because Sarah Goldberg, she's
working.